//*  Neopravovat nic na diakritiku.
//* 


ancienttemplebyzantine_a0=Staroveky chram
ancienttheatrebyzantine_a0=Staroveke divadlo
artisanbyzantine_a0=Dum remeslniku
bakerybyzantine_a0=Pekarna
bakerybyzantine_a0=Pekarna
barracksbyzantine_a0=Kasarny
barracksbyzantine_a_bed_a0=Postel
basilkabyzantine_a0=Trznice
chapelbyzantine_a0=Kaple
churchbyzantine_a0=Stavebni parcela kostela
churchbyzantine_a9=Ortodoxni kostel
churchbyzantine_a_altar_a0=Oltar
farmbyzantine_a0=Farma
fisherbyzantine_a0=Rybarska chatrc
forgebyzantine_a0=Vyhen
fortbyzantine_a0=Pevnost
fortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Vyhen
grovebyzantine_a0=Haj
guesthousebyzantine_a0=Penzion
innbyzantine_a0=Krcma
lumberbyzantine_a0=Drevorubecka chatrc
placebyzantine_a0=Radnice
playerfortbyzantine_a0=Pevnost
playerfortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Výheň
presbyterybyzantine_a0=Fara
quarrybyzantine_a0=Lom
sheepbyzantine_a0=Ovci farma
tavernbyzantine_a0=Hospoda
testfarm_a0=Farma
testfarm_a_backerei_a0=Mlyn
villa urbana_a0=Staveni
watchtowerbyzantine_a0=Hlidkova vez
well_a0=Studna
workshopbyzantine_a0=Dílna
birchtower_a0=Strazni vez
jungletower_a0=Strazni vez
oaktower_a0=Strazni vez
pinetower_a0=Strazni vez
architectbyzantine_a0=Studio architekta
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Brezovy haj
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Dubovy haj
lighthouse_a0=Majak
lonecastle_a0=Osamela pevnost
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Pokoj v osamele pevnosti
lonesheepfarm_a0=Osamela ovci farma
lonesheepfarm_b0=Osamela ovci farma
placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Mestska kaple
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Farma na hedvábí
vineyardbyzantine_a0=Vinice
lonecastle_a_training_a0=Cviciste
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Pokoj hrace
gifthouse_a0=Darovany dum
playersmallhouse_a0=Maly Dům
crossbyzantine_a0=Kriz u cesty
parkbyzantine_a0=Bríza
parkbyzantine_b0=Dub
parkbyzantine_c0=Dub
parkbyzantine_d0=Park
shrinebyzantine_a0=Svatyne
wellbyzantine_a0=Studna
wellbyzantine_b0=Studna