
japanesegrove_A0=Skogsdunge
japanesegrove_B0=Skogsdunge
japanesegrove_C0=Skogsdunge
japanesepeasanth_A0=Bonde hus
japanesepeasanth_B0=Bonde hus
japanesepeasanth_C0=Bonde hus
japaneselmh_A0=Skogshuggare hus
japanesepaddy_A0=Ris fält
japanesepalace_A0=Palats
japaneseforge_A0=Smedja
japanesefishery_A0=Fiskeri
japanesefishery_B0=Fiskeri
japanesefishery_C0=Fiskeri
japanesefishery_A1=Fiskeri
japanesefishery_B1=Fiskeri
japanesefishery_C1=Fiskeri
japanesesamuraih_A0=Vakt post
japanesesamuraih_B0=Vakt post
japanesequarry_A0=Gruva
japanesequarry_B0=Gruva
japanesearchive_A0=Arkiv
japanesearchive_B0=Arkiv
japanesepagoda_A0=Pagoda
japanesepagoda_B0=Pagoda
japaneseshintoshrine_A0=Shinto skrin
japanesefarm_A0=Vete Farm
japanesefarm_B0=Vete Farm
japanesefarmbig_A0=Farm Hus
japanesefarmbig_B0=Farm Hus
japanesecrafter_A0=Tillverknings hus 
japanesecrafter_B0=Tillverknings hus 
japanesefort_A0=Fort
japaneseplot1_A0=liten tomt
japaneseplot2_A0=Mellan tomt
japaneseplot3_A0=Stor tomt
japanesehut_A0=Litet trä hus
japanesehouse_A0=Litet hus
japanesehousemedium_A0=Hus
japanesehouselarge_A0=Stort hus
japaneselookout_A0=Vakt torn
japaneselookout_B0=Vakt torn
japanesezen_A0=Damm
japanesekitchen_A0=Kök
japanesekitchen_B0=Kök
japaneseplayerpalace_A0=Spelaren's ställe
japaneseinn_A0=Värds hus
japanesemarket_A0=Marknad
japanesearcheryrange_A0=Bågskytte bana
chickenfarm_a0=Kyckling farm
bath_A0=Bad hus
well_A0=Brunn
sakebrewery_A0=Sake Bryggeri
squidfarm_A0=Bläckfisk farm

japaneseoutpost_A0=Japansk utpost
japanesearmyforge_A0=Smedja
lonebuddha_A0=Staty av buddha
bandit_cave_A0=Bandit grotta
kufun_tomb_A0=Kufun grav
kufun_tomb_B0=Kufun grav
woods_shrine_A0=Trä skrin
lonemine_A0=Enslig japansk gruva
banditfort_A0=Bandit Fort

gifthouse_a0=Present hus

hotspringsinn_a0=Hot Springs värds hus
hotspringsinn_a_kitchen_a0=Hot Springs värds hus
hotspringsinn_a_market_a0=Hot Springs värds hus