
culture.byzantines=Byzantine
culture.fullname=Les byzantins
village.controlled=village contrôlé
village.customcontrolled=village contrôlé perso
village.emporikos=village commercial
village.military=fort
village.ortodox=village religieux
villager.architect_byzantine=Architecte
villager.armysmith_byzantine=Forgeron militaire
villager.artisan_byzantine=Artisan
villager.artwife_byzantine=Femme de l'artisan
villager.baron_byzantine=Baron
villager.boy_byzantine=Garçon
villager.centurio_byzantine=Centurion
villager.farmiller_byzantine=Meunier
villager.farmiller_wife_byzantine=Femme du meunier
villager.fisherman_byzantine=Pêcheur
villager.girl_byzantine=Fille
villager.lumberman_byzantine=Bûcheron
villager.merchant_byzantine=Marchand
villager.merchant_hindi=Marchand indien
villager.merchant_japanese=Marchand japonais
villager.merchant_mayan=Marchand maya
villager.merchant_norman=Marchand normand
villager.miner_byzantine=Mineur
villager.pastor_byzantine=Prêtre
villager.patriarch_byzantine=Patriarche
villager.playersoldier_byzantine=Soldat
villager.richwife_byzantine=Femme riche
villager.shepherd_byzantine=Berger
villager.shepherd_female_byzantine=Bergère
villager.silkfarmer_byzantine=Tisseur de soie
villager.silkfarmerwife_byzantine=Tisseuse de soie
villager.smith_byzantine=Forgeron
villager.soldier_byzantine=Soldat
villager.teenagerfemale=Adolescente
villager.teenagermale=Adolescent
villager.wife_byzantine=Femme
villager.merchant_art=Marchand d'art
villager.merchant_food=Marchand de nourriture
villager.merchant_materials=Marchand de pierres
villager.smuggler_silk=Marchand de soie
villager.keeperbirch_byzantine=Garde
villager.keeperoak_byzantine=Garde
villager.keeperpine_byzantine=Garde
villager.keepertropical_byzantine=Garde
villager.keeper_byzantine=Gardien de phare
villager.loneshepherd_byzantine=Berger
villager.loneshepherdf_byzantine=Bergère
shop.armyforge=Armes & armures
shop.bakery=Boulangerie
shop.clothing=Vêtements
shop.fishery=Poisson
shop.forge=Outils
shop.lonesheep=Laine
shop.lonetower=Achat de nourriture
shop.sheepfarm=Laine & agneau
shop.tavernbyz=Vin
shop.townhall=Magasin central
shop.alchemyworkshop=Produits alchimiques