
ancienttemplebyzantine_a0=Starożytna świątynia
ancienttheatrebyzantine_a0=Antyczny teatr
artisanbyzantine_a0=Dom rzemieślniczy
bakerybyzantine_a0=Piekarnia
bakerybyzantine_a0=Piekarnia
barracksbyzantine_a0=Koszary
barracksbyzantine_a_bed_a0=Sypialnia koszarowa
basilkabyzantine_a0=Hala targowa
chapelbyzantine_a0=Kaplica
churchbyzantine_a0=Skrzydło kościelne
churchbyzantine_a9=Cerkiew
churchbyzantine_a_altar_a0=Ołtarz
farmbyzantine_a0=Farma
fisherbyzantine_a0=Chata rybaka
forgebyzantine_a0=Kuźnia
fortbyzantine_a0=Fort
fortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Kuźnia
grovebyzantine_a0=Zagajnik
guesthousebyzantine_a0=Domek gościnny
innbyzantine_a0=Gospoda
lumberbyzantine_a0=Chata drwala
placebyzantine_a0=Świetlica
playerfortbyzantine_a0=Fort
playerfortbyzantine_a_forge_a0=Kuźnia
presbyterybyzantine_a0=Prezbiterium
quarrybyzantine_a0=Kamieniołom
sheepbyzantine_a0=Pastwisko dla owiec
tavernbyzantine_a0=Tawerna
testfarm_a0=Farma
testfarm_a_backerei_a0=Młyn
villa urbana_a0=Willa
watchtowerbyzantine_a0=Wieża strażnicza
well_a0=Studnia
workshopbyzantine_a0=Warsztat
birchtower_a0=Wieża strażnicza
jungletower_a0=Wieża strażnicza
oaktower_a0=Wieża strażnicza
pinetower_a0=Wieża strażnicza
architectbyzantine_a0=Studio architektoniczne
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Fortowa sypialnia
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Fortowa sypialnia
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fortowa sypialnia
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Brzozowy zagajnik
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Dębowy zagajnik
lighthouse_a0=Latarnia morska
lonecastle_a0=Samotny fort
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Sypialnia samotnego fortu
lonesheepfarm_a0=Pastwisko dla owiec na odludziu
lonesheepfarm_b0=Pastwisko dla owiec na odludziu
placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Forum
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Fortowa sypialnia
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Fortowa sypialnia
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fortowa sypialnia
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Farma jedwabiu
vineyardbyzantine_a0=Winnica
lonecastle_a_training_a0=Plac ćwiczebny
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Kapliczka
gifthouse_a0=Prezent
playersmallhouse_a0=Mały dom
crossbyzantine_a0=Przydrożny krzyż
parkbyzantine_a0=Brzoza
parkbyzantine_b0=Dąb
parkbyzantine_c0=Dąb
parkbyzantine_d0=Park
shrinebyzantine_a0=Kaplica
wellbyzantine_a0=Studnia
wellbyzantine_b0=Studnia